units/en/communication/certification.mdx, before:

# The certification process


The certification process is **completely free**:

- To get a *certificate of completion*: you need **to pass 80% of the assignments** before the end of September 2023.
- To get a *certificate of excellence*: you need **to pass 100% of the assignments** before the end of September 2023.

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/unit0/certification.jpg" alt="Course certification" width="100%"/>

When we say pass, **we mean that your model must be pushed to the Hub and get a result equal or above the minimal requirement**.

To check your progression and which unit you passed/not passed: https://huggingface.co/spaces/ThomasSimonini/Check-my-progress-Deep-RL-Course

Now that you're ready for the certification process, you need to:

1. Go here: https://huggingface.co/spaces/huggingface-projects/Deep-RL-Course-Certification/
2. Type your *hugging face username*, your *first name*, *last name*

3. Click on "Generate my certificate".
  - If you passed 80% of the assignments, **congratulations** you've just got the certificate of completion.
  - If you passed 100% of the assignments, **congratulations** you've just got the excellence certificate.
  - If you are below 80%, don't be discouraged! Check which units you need to do again to get your certificate.

4. You can download your certificate in pdf format and png format.

Don't hesitate to share your certificate on Twitter (tag me @ThomasSimonini and @huggingface) and on Linkedin.

Commit message:

Set the certification process to self paced

units/en/communication/certification.mdx, after:

# The certification process


The certification process is **completely free**:

- To get a *certificate of completion*: you need **to pass 80% of the assignments**.
- To get a *certificate of excellence*: you need **to pass 100% of the assignments**.

There's **no deadlines, the course is self-paced**.

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/unit0/certification.jpg" alt="Course certification" width="100%"/>

When we say pass, **we mean that your model must be pushed to the Hub and get a result equal or above the minimal requirement**.

To check your progression and which unit you passed/not passed: https://huggingface.co/spaces/ThomasSimonini/Check-my-progress-Deep-RL-Course

Now that you're ready for the certification process, you need to:

1. Go here: https://huggingface.co/spaces/huggingface-projects/Deep-RL-Course-Certification/
2. Type your *hugging face username*, your *first name*, *last name*

3. Click on "Generate my certificate".
  - If you passed 80% of the assignments, **congratulations** you've just got the certificate of completion.
  - If you passed 100% of the assignments, **congratulations** you've just got the excellence certificate.
  - If you are below 80%, don't be discouraged! Check which units you need to do again to get your certificate.

4. You can download your certificate in pdf format and png format.

Don't hesitate to share your certificate on Twitter (tag me @ThomasSimonini and @huggingface) and on Linkedin.
