units/en/unit0/introduction.mdx, before:

# Welcome to the 🤗 Deep Reinforcement Learning Course [[introduction]]

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/unit0/thumbnail.jpg" alt="Deep RL Course thumbnail" width="100%"/>

Welcome to the most fascinating topic in Artificial Intelligence: Deep Reinforcement Learning.

This course will **teach you about Deep Reinforcement Learning from beginner to expert**. It’s completely free and open-source!

In this introduction unit you’ll:

- Learn more about the **course content**.
- **Define the path** you’re going to take (either self-audit or certification process)
- Learn more about the **AI vs. AI challenges** you're going to participate to.
- Learn more **about us**.
- **Create your Hugging Face account** (it’s free).
- **Sign-up our Discord server**, the place where you can exchange with your classmates and us (the Hugging Face team).

Let’s get started!

## What to expect? [[expect]]

In this course, you will:

- 📖 Study Deep Reinforcement Learning in **theory and practice.**
- 🧑‍💻 Learn to **use famous Deep RL libraries** such as [Stable Baselines3](https://stable-baselines3.readthedocs.io/en/master/), [RL Baselines3 Zoo](https://github.com/DLR-RM/rl-baselines3-zoo), [Sample Factory](https://samplefactory.dev/) and [CleanRL](https://github.com/vwxyzjn/cleanrl).
- 🤖 **Train agents in unique environments** such as [SnowballFight](https://huggingface.co/spaces/ThomasSimonini/SnowballFight), [Huggy the Doggo 🐶](https://huggingface.co/spaces/ThomasSimonini/Huggy), [MineRL (Minecraft ⛏️)](https://minerl.io/), [VizDoom (Doom)](https://vizdoom.cs.put.edu.pl/) and classical ones such as [Space Invaders](https://www.gymlibrary.dev/environments/atari/) and [PyBullet](https://pybullet.org/wordpress/).
- 💾 Share your **trained agents with one line of code to the Hub** and also download powerful agents from the community.
- 🏆 Participate in challenges where you will **evaluate your agents against other teams. You'll also get to play against the agents you'll train.**

And more!

At the end of this course, **you’ll get a solid foundation from the basics to the SOTA (state-of-the-art) methods**.

You can find the syllabus on our website 👉 <a href="https://simoninithomas.github.io/deep-rl-course/">here</a>

Don’t forget to **<a href="http://eepurl.com/ic5ZUD">sign up to the course</a>** (we are collecting your email to be able to **send you the links when each Unit is published and give you information about the challenges and updates).**

Sign up  👉 <a href="http://eepurl.com/ic5ZUD">here</a>


## What does the course look like? [[course-look-like]]
The course is composed of:

- *A theory part*: where you learn a **concept in theory (article)**.
- *A hands-on*: where you’ll learn **to use famous Deep RL libraries** to train your agents in unique environments. These hands-on will be **Google Colab notebooks with companion tutorial videos** if you prefer learning with video format!
- *Challenges*: you'll get to put your agent to compete against other agents in different challenges. There will also be leaderboards for you to compare the agents' performance.


## Two paths: choose your own adventure [[two-paths]]

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/unit0/two-paths.jpg" alt="Two paths" width="100%"/>

You can choose to follow this course either:

- *To get a certificate of completion*: you need to complete 80% of the assignments before the end of March 2023.
- *As a simple audit*: you can participate in all challenges and do assignments if you want, but you have no deadlines.

Both paths **are completely free**.
Whatever path you choose, we advise you **to follow the recommended pace to enjoy the course and challenges with your fellow classmates.**
You don't need to tell us which path you choose. At the end of March, when we verify the assignments **if you get more than 80% of the assignments done, you'll get a certificate.**


## How to get most of the course? [[advice]]

To get most of the course, we have some advice:

1. <a href="https://discord.gg/ydHrjt3WP5">Join or create study groups in Discord </a>: studying in groups is always easier. To do that, you need to join our discord server. If you're new to Discord, no worries! We have some tools that will help you learn about it.
2. **Do the quizzes and assignments**: the best way to learn is to do and test yourself.
3. **Define a schedule to stay in sync**: you can use our recommended pace schedule below or create yours.

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/unit0/advice.jpg" alt="Course advice" width="100%"/>

## What tools do I need? [[tools]]

You need only 3 things:

- *A computer* with an internet connection.
- *Google Colab (free version)*: most of our hands-on will use Google Colab, the **free version is enough.**
- A *Hugging Face Account*: to push and load models. If you don’t have an account yet, you can create one **[here](https://hf.co/join)** (it’s free).

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/unit0/tools.jpg" alt="Course tools needed" width="100%"/>

## What is the publishing schedule? [[publishing-schedule]]


We publish **a new unit every Monday** (except Monday, the 26th of December).

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/communication/schedule1.png" alt="Schedule 1" width="100%"/>
<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/communication/schedule2.png" alt="Schedule 2" width="100%"/>


## What is the recommended pace? [[recommended-pace]]

We defined a planning that you can follow to keep up the pace of the course.

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/unit0/pace1.jpg" alt="Course advice" width="100%"/>
<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/unit0/pace2.jpg" alt="Course advice" width="100%"/>


Each chapter in this course is designed **to be completed in 1 week, with approximately 3-4 hours of work per week**. However, you can take as much time as necessary to complete the course. If you want to dive into a topic more in-depth, we'll provide additional resources to help you achieve that.


## Who are we [[who-are-we]]
About the author:

- <a href="https://twitter.com/ThomasSimonini">Thomas Simonini</a> is a Developer Advocate at Hugging Face 🤗 specializing in Deep Reinforcement Learning. He founded the Deep Reinforcement Learning Course in 2018, which became one of the most used courses in Deep RL.

About the team:

- <a href="https://twitter.com/osanseviero">Omar Sanseviero</a> is a Machine Learning Engineer at Hugging Face where he works in the intersection of ML, Community and Open Source. Previously, Omar worked as a Software Engineer at Google in the teams of Assistant and TensorFlow Graphics. He is from Peru and likes llamas 🦙.
- <a href="https://twitter.com/RisingSayak"> Sayak Paul</a> is a Developer Advocate Engineer at Hugging Face. He's interested in the area of representation learning (self-supervision, semi-supervision, model robustness). And he loves watching crime and action thrillers 🔪.


## When do the challenges start? [[challenges]]

In this new version of the course, you have two types of challenges:
- A leaderboard to compare your agent's performance to other classmates'.
- AI vs. AI challenges where you can train your agent and compete against other classmates' agents.

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/unit0/challenges.jpg" alt="Challenges" width="100%"/>

These AI vs.AI challenges will be announced **later in December**.


## I found a bug, or I want to improve the course [[contribute]]

Contributions are welcomed 🤗

- If you *found a bug 🐛 in a notebook*, please <a href="https://github.com/huggingface/deep-rl-class/issues">open an issue</a> and **describe the problem**.
- If you *want to improve the course*, you can <a href="https://github.com/huggingface/deep-rl-class/pulls">open a Pull Request.</a>

## I still have questions [[questions]]

In that case, <a href="https://simoninithomas.github.io/deep-rl-course/#faq">check our FAQ</a>. And if the question is not in it, ask your question in our <a href="https://discord.gg/ydHrjt3WP5">discord server #rl-discussions.</a>

Commit message:

Add certification info in hands-on and introduction

units/en/unit0/introduction.mdx, after:

# Welcome to the 🤗 Deep Reinforcement Learning Course [[introduction]]

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/unit0/thumbnail.jpg" alt="Deep RL Course thumbnail" width="100%"/>

Welcome to the most fascinating topic in Artificial Intelligence: Deep Reinforcement Learning.

This course will **teach you about Deep Reinforcement Learning from beginner to expert**. It’s completely free and open-source!

In this introduction unit you’ll:

- Learn more about the **course content**.
- **Define the path** you’re going to take (either self-audit or certification process)
- Learn more about the **AI vs. AI challenges** you're going to participate to.
- Learn more **about us**.
- **Create your Hugging Face account** (it’s free).
- **Sign-up our Discord server**, the place where you can exchange with your classmates and us (the Hugging Face team).

Let’s get started!

## What to expect? [[expect]]

In this course, you will:

- 📖 Study Deep Reinforcement Learning in **theory and practice.**
- 🧑‍💻 Learn to **use famous Deep RL libraries** such as [Stable Baselines3](https://stable-baselines3.readthedocs.io/en/master/), [RL Baselines3 Zoo](https://github.com/DLR-RM/rl-baselines3-zoo), [Sample Factory](https://samplefactory.dev/) and [CleanRL](https://github.com/vwxyzjn/cleanrl).
- 🤖 **Train agents in unique environments** such as [SnowballFight](https://huggingface.co/spaces/ThomasSimonini/SnowballFight), [Huggy the Doggo 🐶](https://huggingface.co/spaces/ThomasSimonini/Huggy), [MineRL (Minecraft ⛏️)](https://minerl.io/), [VizDoom (Doom)](https://vizdoom.cs.put.edu.pl/) and classical ones such as [Space Invaders](https://www.gymlibrary.dev/environments/atari/) and [PyBullet](https://pybullet.org/wordpress/).
- 💾 Share your **trained agents with one line of code to the Hub** and also download powerful agents from the community.
- 🏆 Participate in challenges where you will **evaluate your agents against other teams. You'll also get to play against the agents you'll train.**

And more!

At the end of this course, **you’ll get a solid foundation from the basics to the SOTA (state-of-the-art) methods**.

You can find the syllabus on our website 👉 <a href="https://simoninithomas.github.io/deep-rl-course/">here</a>

Don’t forget to **<a href="http://eepurl.com/ic5ZUD">sign up to the course</a>** (we are collecting your email to be able to **send you the links when each Unit is published and give you information about the challenges and updates).**

Sign up  👉 <a href="http://eepurl.com/ic5ZUD">here</a>


## What does the course look like? [[course-look-like]]
The course is composed of:

- *A theory part*: where you learn a **concept in theory (article)**.
- *A hands-on*: where you’ll learn **to use famous Deep RL libraries** to train your agents in unique environments. These hands-on will be **Google Colab notebooks with companion tutorial videos** if you prefer learning with video format!
- *Challenges*: you'll get to put your agent to compete against other agents in different challenges. There will also be leaderboards for you to compare the agents' performance.


## Two paths: choose your own adventure [[two-paths]]

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/unit0/two-paths.jpg" alt="Two paths" width="100%"/>

You can choose to follow this course either:

- *To get a certificate of completion*: you need to complete 80% of the assignments before the end of March 2023.
- *To get a certificate of honors*: you need to complete 100% of the assignments before the end of March 2023.
- *As a simple audit*: you can participate in all challenges and do assignments if you want, but you have no deadlines.

Both paths **are completely free**.
Whatever path you choose, we advise you **to follow the recommended pace to enjoy the course and challenges with your fellow classmates.**
You don't need to tell us which path you choose. At the end of March, when we verify the assignments **if you get more than 80% of the assignments done, you'll get a certificate.**

## The Certification Process [[certification-process]]

The certification process is **completely free**:

- *To get a certificate of completion*: you need to complete 80% of the assignments before the end of March 2023.
- *To get a certificate of honors*: you need to complete 100% of the assignments before the end of March 2023.

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/unit0/certification.jpg" alt="Course certification" width="100%"/>

## How to get most of the course? [[advice]]

To get most of the course, we have some advice:

1. <a href="https://discord.gg/ydHrjt3WP5">Join or create study groups in Discord </a>: studying in groups is always easier. To do that, you need to join our discord server. If you're new to Discord, no worries! We have some tools that will help you learn about it.
2. **Do the quizzes and assignments**: the best way to learn is to do and test yourself.
3. **Define a schedule to stay in sync**: you can use our recommended pace schedule below or create yours.

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/unit0/advice.jpg" alt="Course advice" width="100%"/>

## What tools do I need? [[tools]]

You need only 3 things:

- *A computer* with an internet connection.
- *Google Colab (free version)*: most of our hands-on will use Google Colab, the **free version is enough.**
- A *Hugging Face Account*: to push and load models. If you don’t have an account yet, you can create one **[here](https://hf.co/join)** (it’s free).

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/unit0/tools.jpg" alt="Course tools needed" width="100%"/>

## What is the publishing schedule? [[publishing-schedule]]


We publish **a new unit every Monday** (except Monday, the 26th of December).

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/communication/schedule1.png" alt="Schedule 1" width="100%"/>
<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/communication/schedule2.png" alt="Schedule 2" width="100%"/>


## What is the recommended pace? [[recommended-pace]]

We defined a planning that you can follow to keep up the pace of the course.

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/unit0/pace1.jpg" alt="Course advice" width="100%"/>
<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/unit0/pace2.jpg" alt="Course advice" width="100%"/>


Each chapter in this course is designed **to be completed in 1 week, with approximately 3-4 hours of work per week**. However, you can take as much time as necessary to complete the course. If you want to dive into a topic more in-depth, we'll provide additional resources to help you achieve that.


## Who are we [[who-are-we]]
About the author:

- <a href="https://twitter.com/ThomasSimonini">Thomas Simonini</a> is a Developer Advocate at Hugging Face 🤗 specializing in Deep Reinforcement Learning. He founded the Deep Reinforcement Learning Course in 2018, which became one of the most used courses in Deep RL.

About the team:

- <a href="https://twitter.com/osanseviero">Omar Sanseviero</a> is a Machine Learning Engineer at Hugging Face where he works in the intersection of ML, Community and Open Source. Previously, Omar worked as a Software Engineer at Google in the teams of Assistant and TensorFlow Graphics. He is from Peru and likes llamas 🦙.
- <a href="https://twitter.com/RisingSayak"> Sayak Paul</a> is a Developer Advocate Engineer at Hugging Face. He's interested in the area of representation learning (self-supervision, semi-supervision, model robustness). And he loves watching crime and action thrillers 🔪.


## When do the challenges start? [[challenges]]

In this new version of the course, you have two types of challenges:
- A leaderboard to compare your agent's performance to other classmates'.
- AI vs. AI challenges where you can train your agent and compete against other classmates' agents.

<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface-deep-rl-course/course-images/resolve/main/en/unit0/challenges.jpg" alt="Challenges" width="100%"/>

These AI vs.AI challenges will be announced **later in December**.


## I found a bug, or I want to improve the course [[contribute]]

Contributions are welcomed 🤗

- If you *found a bug 🐛 in a notebook*, please <a href="https://github.com/huggingface/deep-rl-class/issues">open an issue</a> and **describe the problem**.
- If you *want to improve the course*, you can <a href="https://github.com/huggingface/deep-rl-class/pulls">open a Pull Request.</a>

## I still have questions [[questions]]

In that case, <a href="https://simoninithomas.github.io/deep-rl-course/#faq">check our FAQ</a>. And if the question is not in it, ask your question in our <a href="https://discord.gg/ydHrjt3WP5">discord server #rl-discussions.</a>
